\chapter{The Big Game}

On Thursday 14th November I hired a car for four weeks; I need one to
get around and I'll be able to make a few trips to Canberra in it. I
busted at a Petersham \$120 No Limit Holdem Tournament and the next
day drove down to Canberra for another shot at the 5/5 PLO.

This is a game that will stay with me forever. I came armed with a ton
of cash; I took a huge \$6360 with me. No more ``bring \$1500 with a
\$1000 ATM rebuy option'' approach for me, I'm bringing a bazooka to a
gun fight.

The night was also memorable for the ``Code War'' boxing match between
the NRL's Paul Gallen and the AFL's Barry Hall. The fight, six rounds
of two minutes, was being shown at the Casino and there was a good
crowd in to watch the fight there.

I've got a hotel Friday 2pm till Saturday 10am and I can play Saturday
night also if I feel like it. Remember that Canberra poker only runs
7pm to 330am so to play Saturday night I have to hang around Canberra
during the day with no hotel and front up again at 630pm. It's hard
doing that when you could be driving back to Sydney at any time.

I left \$700 in emergency cash in my hotel room and took \$5660 with
me to the casino. I'd thought about making \$500 buyins but settled
for \$300 buyins. This was min-and-a-bit buyins, in the Star 1/3 PLO
games which have a buyin range of 100-300 I buy in for 150; so 300 is
the min-and-a-bit equivalent of a 200-2000 buyin range.

I lose my first buyin when KK finds a flop of AKQ two spades; I'm
behind on every street to JT. My second buyin, of \$320 just to use an
extra \$20 floating around in my wallet, doesn't last long either and
I'm dipping into my special 50x\$100 notes 5k rubber banded stash for
my third buyin.

The third buyin flops the world when my iffy 9s-6s-5-3s three-spades gets a
flop of J-4s-2s. I'm up against top set and middle set but the turn is
an Ace making me a straight and the river non-repeat spade still keeps
me a winner. My stack has hit \$2670, up \$1750 from my \$920 in
buyins.

I then lose way too much on a ``flopped top two'' flop which was a
very vulnerable hand and not really a big pot hand, especially when my
top two pair were 63 on a 632 flop. The runout 63289 sees an all in
player triple up with 98 and another player beat me with 86. Crappy
top two pair should be ditched in big pots.

Next I lose big with A-6-5s-4s on an A-As-3s flop. I'm up against the
King-high spades draw and I don't fill up and the flush gets there on
the runout A-As-3s-7s-Q. Ouch.

With my stack back down to 1345 I stupidly give a full \$550 away to
someone who turned a full house. I've got Ah-8h-4h-3 and the flop is
Kh-9-4h. Calling \$350 on the flop was OK, but when the board pairs
the 4 I stupidly call another \$550 from an all-in player who of
course had flopped a set and has now filled up 99944. He's jammed
every street and although I have a miracle final four in the deck out
I don't get it and I didn't deserve to.

Well below par with just 345 now, I take a preflop chance with KKxy,
running it into AAxy and a third player's double suited hand scoops
when he turns a flush. Time to reach into my wallet a fourth time.

My position is now 300 chips, 4400 in my wallet and par is 1220.
After a \$25 miss, I then win a crazy 6x party pot; which I win with
just two pair using A7. I'm now up to \$1800, happy days. I give
a fair bit back holding K-7-6-6 on a Q77 flop; not much chance against
Q7. Back to 850 now.

